hi there welcome to a new episode of
Hollywood lockdown I'm your host Jim
Jimmy Kimmel hey this is alarming
according to a new study from the CDC
most people are not using hand sanitizer
correctly they say you're supposed to
rub your hands with sanitizer for 30
seconds which is even longer than when
you watch for your hands it's 20 seconds
the study was published in the Journal
of information it would have been nice
to have three months ago I didn't know
you need to Purell for 30 seconds it
definitely doesn't say that on the
bottle I looked at the bottle that says
rub hands together briskly until dry not
30 second why can't we get anything
right what else are we doing wrong are
we using ketchup the right way supposed
to put it on your face right this is an
interesting sign of the times a small
show of progress perhaps Johnson and
Johnson announced via Instagram their
plan to help heal our nation's wounds a
line of racially inclusive band-aids the
Johnsons wrote we hear you we see you
we're listening to you we stand in
solidarity with our black colleagues
collaborators and community in the fight
against racism violence and injustice
they are literally putting a bandaid on
the problem of racism but good for
band-aids for finally opening things up
beyond the shade they've been using for
a hundred years a color known internally
as Ed Sheeran's neck meanwhile Ford the
Motor Company not the Harrison is
planning to unveil a new Bronco on July
9th which is exciting but also
surprising because July 9th happens to
be a J's a for real Ford says they
didn't realize this when they announced
it what I want to know is who did
realize this who looked at out or who
thought wait a minute isn't that OJ's
birth how is it possible we don't know
how to Purell but we do know this
speaking of notorious dates five years
ago today Donald Jessica Trump launched
his campaign for president and has been
slowly descending into madness ever
since five years ago today Trump rode
down an escalator to address a group of
actors he paid 50 bucks apiece to cheer
for them look it up that really hat
and now here we are you know the
traditional five year anniversary gift
is wood so later tonight I'm gonna hit
myself over the head with a baseball bat
to celebrate there's a new new tell-all
book on the way from Trump's former
national security adviser John Bolton
remember this moustache guy John Bolton
yeah he is the guy who offered to
testify during the impeachment trial but
the Republicans said no no thanks were
good I'll be honest I've almost
forgotten about the impeachment trial at
this point it feels like a Hulu I was
really into and then hated the ending of
but Bolton is back his book is called
the room where it happened which of
course is a reference to the musical
Hamilton which is kind of weird it's
like if Woodward and Bernstein called
their book Nixon Christ Superstar
but Bolton is said to lay out many
instances of trumps misconduct that go
well beyond the quid pro quo with
Ukraine and while many believe the
president should be worried the
president thinks John Bolton should be
worried somebody said he went out and
wrote a book if he wrote a book I can't
imagine that he can because that's
highly classified information
even conversations with me they're
highly classified I told that to the
Attorney General before I will consider
every conversation with me as president
highly classified so that would mean
that if he wrote a book and if the book
gets out he's broken the law and I would
think that he would have criminal
problems I hope so
those are rules for a bachelor party not
the law he just makes things up as he
goes and he is going by the way the
Trump train is headed to Tulsa Oklahoma
on Saturday for a big rally despite the
fact that instances of the virus in
Oklahoma are on the rise and his VP of
regional sales is on the road to Mike
Pence made an appearance today at
Winnebago headquarters in Iowa and what
an appearance it was and welcomed our
outstanding vice president of the United
States of America Mike Pence
[Music]
pump it up yo the captain of the space
force is in the house that is some theme
song he he makes an entrance like a
white Darth Vader the Vice President
delighted the crowd with some of his
classic comedy bits and took a very rosy
look at the fact that Americans are now
too scared to travel I was just told by
some of the leadership here at the
company that Americans are buying RVs at
a pretty rapid pace in fact usually I
think we heard that roughly about a
third of buyers every year are
first-time buyers it's pushing more like
50% America is hitting the road in
american-made RVs it's because if we
stay in a hotel we might die poor mike
pence a few months ago it looked like
Trump's get in Peach and he'd be
president now he's an Iowa selling RVs
some of its suggested that now might be
a good time for Mike to jump ship but
this vice Poodle is nothing if not
obedient he's very even-keeled and I
think I might know why take a look at
this pence stopped into a diner in
Springdale Pennsylvania this weekend
watch him closely here because look at
it he's stoned Mike Pence is totally
pong loaded don't tell mother Fox news
by the way I think they might be
disappointed that there's no looting
going on anymore because they have a new
focus to distract us from reality and
that is manufacturing outrage in
response to a non-existent movement to
cancel the show paw patrol the canceled
culture movement may now be coming for
paw Patrol when you start seeing
cancellations of such things like paw
patrol they believe there should not be
police piece or even paw patrol paw
patrol has also been canceled all patrol
if that goes I'm moving into the New
Zealand chase I guess is the lead
character German Shepherd police dog my
daughter loves chase fire and prosecute
chase I have a dog named chase defund
the paw patrol paw patrol paw patrol paw
patrol paw patrol paw patrol paw patrol
we should point out that there actually
doesn't appear to be any genuine effort
to cancel paw patrol yes you should and
so then why are you all
talking about it all the time there's
real stuff to be mad about you know
according to new study from the
University of Chicago Americans are the
unhappiest we've been in almost 50 years
America is in a depression and I'm not
talking about the economy but worry no
more because help is on the way in the
form of the most positive person I know
my cousin Mickey Mickey is guaranteed to
boost your mood she's like a human
balloon animal and with that said here
are some words of hope from cousin
Mickey
when I'm feeling down I grab a squishy
and I just squeeze it smell it and
swishes our it's probably one of the
best inventions in the world I mean I
know there's bigger things that were
invented but for me personally in my
life I would put swishes being invented
in the top five
I have bought many squishes on Hollywood
Boulevard and I just want to pick up the
table and like pour it into the back of
my van and I don't even sanitize them I
just right then just start squeezing and
smelling I don't believe I don't believe
germs can come from squishes because
it's such a positive thing Thank You
cousin Mickey
[Music]